feat: Issue619 determine the method for generating batches efficiently (#653)
GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator: README.md

  [--filter-status or -fs STATUSES_LIST]
                        Comma separated list of statuses to filter the validation results. Supported statuses are (success, fail). If no list is provided, all statuses are returned.
```
#### Generate Table Partitions for Large Table Row Validations

> Below is the command syntax for Generating Tabe Partitions for performing Row Validation on large Tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is the command syntax for generating table partitions in order to perform row validations on large tables with memory constraints. 
```

Author: Done

> The following command splits Row Validation into multiple steps by generating multiple Config files which can then be run in Parallel or independently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command generates and stores multiple YAML configs that represent chunks of the large table using filters (`WHERE partition_key > X AND partition_key < Y`). You can then run the configs in the directory serially with the `data-validation configs run --config-dir PATH` command as described [here](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator#yaml-configuration-files).
```

Reviewer: Does this PR support GCS based config-dir paths?

Author: Done

> The command takes the same parameters as required for `Row Validation` *plus* few commands to implement the partitioning logic.

Reviewer: Since we already describe the flags needed below, I don't think we need lines 207-213. We should keep the note that only monotonically increasing keys are supported though.

Author: Done

  --target-conn or -tc TARGET_CONN
                        Target connection details
                        See: *Connections* section for each data source
  --tables-list or -tbls SOURCE_SCHEMA.SOURCE_TABLE=TARGET_SCHEMA.TARGET_TABLE
                        Comma separated list of tables in the form schema.table=target_schema.target_table
                        Target schema name and table name are optional.
                        i.e 'bigquery-public-data.new_york_citibike.citibike_trips'
  --primary-keys PRIMARY_KEYS, -pk PRIMARY_KEYS
                        Comma separated list of primary key columns 'col_a,col_b'
  --comparison-fields or -comp-fields FIELDS
                        Comma separated list of columns to compare. Can either be a physical column or an alias
                        See: *Calculated Fields* section for details
  --hash COLUMNS        Comma separated list of columns to hash or * for all columns 
  --concat COLUMNS      Comma separated list of columns to concatenate or * for all columns (use if a common hash function is not available between databases)
  --config-dir CONFIG_DIR, -cdir CONFIG_DIR

>                         Directory Path to store YAML Config Files

Reviewer: We should specify if this path is local, GCS, or either.

  --partition-num [1-1000], -pn [1-1000]
                        Number of partitions/config files to generate
                        In case this value exceeds the row count of the source/target table, its will be decreased to max(source_row_count, target_row_count)
  [--partition-key PARTITION_KEY, -partkey PARTITION_KEY]
                        Column on which the partitions would be generated. Column type must be integer. Defaults to Primary key

>   [--threshold THRESHOLD, -th THRESHOLD]

Reviewer: We shouldn't support this threshold flag as we aren't running a validation and can't compare percent difference.

Author: Done

                        Float max threshold for percent difference
  [--filters SOURCE_FILTER:TARGET_FILTER]
                        Colon spearated string values of source and target filters.
                        If target filter is not provided, the source filter will run on source and target tables.
                        See: *Filters* section

>   [--use-random-row, -rr]

Reviewer: Supporting random row here wouldn't make sense since we want to break a full table into chunks. Random row would select rows and add a WHERE clause to select random rows; we want to cater this command to only full table row validations

Author: Done

                        Finds a set of random rows of the first primary key supplied.
  [--random-row-batch-size RANDOM_ROW_BATCH_SIZE, -rbs RANDOM_ROW_BATCH_SIZE]
                        Row batch size used for random row filters (default 10,000).

>   [--result-handler-config RESULT_HANDLER_CONFIG, -rc RESULT_HANDLER_CONFIG]

Reviewer: result-handler-config is deprecated so we shouldn't document it. We just keep it in cli_tools for backwards compatibility

Author: Done

                        Result handler config details

>   [--bq-result-handler or -bqrh PROJECT_ID.DATASET.TABLE]

Reviewer: We shouldn't support result handler since we don't write any validation results to BQ.

Author: Done

                        BigQuery destination for validation results. Defaults to stdout.
                        See: *Validation Reports* section
  [--labels LABELS, -l LABELS]
                        Key value pair labels for validation run
  [--service-account SERVICE_ACCOUNT, -sa SERVICE_ACCOUNT]
                        Path to SA key file for result handler output
  [--format FORMAT, -fmt FORMAT]
                        Set the format for printing command output, Supported formats are (text, csv, json, table). Defaults to table

>   [--filter-status FILTER_STATUS, -fs FILTER_STATUS]

Reviewer: We don't need any of the above flags (line 252-265) as we aren't running validations, just creating configs.
